Why is it you again?
There's no end to it, is there?
What do you mean?
You are so brave
The high-speed rail even dares you to hit my car
You forced my car, you and Li Lan
I don't care. I'm telling you.
我这台是奥迪S4买的时候2,000多万
It's a limited edition.
Or you buy me the car
Or you can get me an identical one
Oh, by the way, you cheated me 50 million in Qingfeng Pavilion
It should also stand out a lot
You asked me for dirt
怎么少耍赖啊哈哈哈
I don't care.
Don't think you're colluding with those guys from Qingfeng Pavilion
Deducted together
Pit Lao Zi's money
Do you think I'm stupid?
Stop talking nonsense and take out the money
What if you don't give it?
No, no, I'll beat you to death
Sir, I have learned taekwondo
Play with me to kill you
What's the matter, I'm Secretary Yang?
I'm on my way
I'm in trouble.
Come right over!
Hahahaha
Still shaking people, right?
It's useless for me to tell you who to call
Today, hurry up and take out the money for me and get out
Otherwise, I will break your dog legs.
I see who is going to break our young master's leg